---
layout: post
title:  "Courses"
date:   2015-10-24 09:34:20
categories: gyanedge
author: Gyanedge
---
Gyan Edge offers a broad range of courses for students. Please ease yourself and select according to your requirements.

Class VII –VIII

It is always foremost and crucial to provide strong base while laying foundation blocks for something superior in future. Similarly for a student this is the prime time to build a strong structural base in the right manner. We offer the following subjects in this level:
1. Math
2. Science
3. Social Studies
4. Hindi
5. English
6. Kannada
7. Sanskrit
8. Basic Communication techniques and Formal writing

Class IX-X

This is a critical phase in a student’s career as they are bestowed with the freedom to decide for their future. They also face the mighty board exams and the related atmosphere for the first time. The tension makes them panic in fear of performing low and thus making them nervous. Consequently they perform poorly even though they are good otherwise. This is a time they require motivation and confidence boosters, and our curriculum ensures that. We offer the following subjects in this level:
1. Math
2. Physics
3. Chemistry
4. Biology
5. Computers
6. Accounts
7. Economics
8. Business Studies

CET, AIEEE, IIT-JEE

We also impart training for competitive examinations such as CET, AIEEE, and IIT-JEE. Both regular and crash courses are available.

Engineering Subjects

The major subjects of Engineering that we specialize on are:
1. First year all subjects (Physics and Chemistry Cycle)
2. Electrical & Electronics
3. Electronics & Telecommunications
4. Mechanical & IEM
5. Computer Science & Information Science
6. Biotechnology

We offer tuitions for 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th for ICSE/CBSE/IGCSE/PUC/ISC/IB boards and also engineering subjects. Subjects Offered: 1. School level: Math, Physics, Chemistry, Social Science, English, Hindi, Commerce, Accounts, Statistics, Economics and Computers. 2. Engineering: Math (I-IV), Electronics, Electrical, Physics, Chemistry and other subjects of EEE, EC, Mechanical and Computer Science Engineering. 3. Special classes for junior school students struggling with reading and pronunciations. 4. Crash Courses for 10th and 12thas well as for CET, AIEEE and Supplementary examinations. 5. Aptitude and English Classes for SAT, GMAT, Pre Placement trainings and other competitive examinations. 6. Test Series also available. We are a team of young educationists who believe in delivering nothing less than Excellency.
